# How to use

```python
from egrul_parser import *

numbers = [1107746399903, 5147746071908] # ogrn numbers for example
parser = EgrulParser() # create an instance of the class
parser.check_numbers(numbers) # find ogrn numbers on nalog.ru
expired = parser.get_expired() # list of expired numbers
wrong = parser.get_wrong_numbers() # list of not found numbers

```
# Description

This code defines a class named "EgrulParser". The class has methods for making HTTP requests to web pages, parsing and collecting data from responses. It uses Python's requests module to send GET and POST requests.

The class has two attributes that hold the URLs of the web pages that are going to be scraped. The URLs are "home_url" and "search_url". The class also has an attribute "HEADERS" that stores headers generated by "fake_headers" module, which will be used while sending HTTP requests.

The class has three methods that are used to make requests. These methods are "try_post", "try_get", and "check_numbers". 

The "try_post" method is used to make an HTTP POST request to a provided URL with some data, and returns a Response object. It accepts three parameters - URL of the page, data to be sent and an optional parameter that specifies how many times to retry if the request fails.

The "try_get" method is similar to the "try_post" method, but it sends a GET request instead of a POST request.

The "check_numbers" method is used to take a list or tuple of numbers, check each number for expiration, and add client info if available to a list named "data". If there is no client info available, the number is added to another list named "wrong_numbers". The method accepts a list or tuple of numbers as input.

The class also has two methods "get_expired" and "get_wrong_numbers" that return the expired numbers and wrong numbers respectively, after calling the "check_numbers" method.

Finally, the class has an "init" method which initializes the two URLs and generates headers.




